it's conquered the world Strictly Come
Dancing and it's an enormous honor for
me to have been involved in the first
series and occasionally I do pinch
myself and think oh I was the first
winner strictly stands out compared to
other shows as this TV spectacular
because of the magic it brings you know
you've got emotions you've got
physicality you've got the legend of
Bruce at the front of it and it brings
magic to a Saturday night
Jill's very similar to me in the fact
they were bad northern and with be both
very northern we were both very direct
which was quite good because we knew
where we were but I think she was very
very determined
not necessarily to win but she was there
to learn how to dance
he just working really hard all you do
is you get up every day and you dance
something your woman sleep so until the
program finish now is out on the streets
if you like that's when I realized wow
you know a lot of people have been
watching the show finishing off at
Blackpool
in the tower ballroom in front of 600
people was absolutely amazing
every couple in that final got a
standing ovation after every dance
Darrin Goff generally had a really
really great attitude towards the whole
program and he was probably one of the
easiest people I have ever worked with
if not the easiest person I they all
worked my mum says you've definitely got
to do it so my mum loves dance used to
be do ballet so she absolutely twisted
my arm today the week of the final was
chaotic we had five routines to get
through and I suppose the one that
really worried us was the show dance and
that was the last one once Karen and I
finished that routine it was just pure
relief